QA Assessment 
Exercise 1 
-----------------
Abstraction 
-----------------
Abstraction is the process of hiding the implementation details from the users of the program, 
and only the functionality will be shown to the user. So therefore, meaning that the user will 
know what the object does but they wouldn’t how it works. 

An Example of Abstraction would be a TV remote, 
as the user would know that the remote controls the TV, but they wouldn’t know how the remote actually works, 
and carries out different operation such as turning on the TV on and off, or tuning the Voulume up and down.

-----------------
Inheritance
-----------------
Inheritance is the process where a class get the properties from another class. The class that inherits the
properties of the other class is known as a Subclass, which can also be known as child class. The class whose 
properties are inherited from is known as a superclass or a parent class.  Inheritance Is used so that information 
is manageable and is kept in a hierarchical order.  

An Example of inheritance is having a parent class called football positions and having different which sub classes which 
represent the different positions in football such as defence, striker, goalkeeper and midfielder. 

-----------------
Polymorphism
-----------------
Polymorphism is the process where variables have the ability of changing their behaviour according to the object instance. 
Polymorphism also allows for multiple objects of different child classes to be treated as objects of a parent class, while selecting 
what method to apply to the object, based on what child class it belongs, the selection of the method is done automatically. 

An example of polymorphism is having a functional such as speech, which can vary depending on what animal is chosen, 
as all the animals can speak but their sound varies depending on the animal, as a dog’s produces a woof sound , and a cow produces a moo sound. 

-----------------
Encapsulation 
-----------------
Encapsulation is the process where the variable of a class is hidden from other class (so therefore using a private class instead of a public class) 
the hidden data can only be assessed through public setter and getter methods.

An example of Encapsulation is a medicine capsule which is the class, and the actual medicine inside the capsule is the methods and variables which are hidden, 
this is due fact that you won’t be able to see the medicine inside the capsule unless you break it.  
